# Performs paligemma transfer for MEDPIX CLINQA

## settings
* allow multiple images per question ?

### Hyperparams in decreasing order of importance
Recommended Initial attempt in Bold:
* Resolution (i.e. checkpoint): **224**, 448, 896.
* Epochs: **1, 3, 10**, 30, 100.
* Learning-rate: 3e-5, **1e-5**, 3e-6.
* Label-smoothing: **0.0**, 0.1, 0.3.
* Dropout in the LLM: **0.0**, 0.1, 0.3.
* Weight decay: **0.0** or 0.1 × learning-rate.
* Freeze ViT: **false**, true.

FineTuning [Not VQA] : [notebook][https://colab.research.google.com/github/google-research/big_vision/blob/main/big_vision/configs/proj/paligemma/finetune_paligemma.ipynb]

┌───────────────────────────────────────┐
│vision towers are supposed to be frozen│
└───────────────────────────────────────┘
```
vision_tower.vision_model.embeddings.patch_embedding.weight            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.embeddings.patch_embedding.bias              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.embeddings.position_embedding.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.k_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.k_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.v_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.v_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.q_proj.weight     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.q_proj.bias       Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.out_proj.weight   Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.out_proj.bias     Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm1.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm1.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc1.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc1.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc2.weight              Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc2.bias                Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm2.weight          Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm2.bias            Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.k_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.k_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.v_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.v_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.q_proj.weight    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.q_proj.bias      Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.out_proj.weight  Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.out_proj.bias    Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm1.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm1.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc1.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc1.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc2.weight             Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc2.bias               Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm2.weight         Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm2.bias           Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.post_layernorm.weight                        Frozen  :  True
vision_tower.vision_model.post_layernorm.bias                          Frozen  :  True
multi_modal_projector.linear.weight                                    Frozen  :  True
multi_modal_projector.linear.bias                                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.embed_tokens.weight                               Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.0.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.0.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.0.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.0.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.0.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.0.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.1.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.1.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.1.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.1.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.1.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.1.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.2.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.2.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.2.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.2.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.2.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.2.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.3.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.3.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.3.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.3.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.3.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.3.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.4.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.4.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.4.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.4.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.4.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.4.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.5.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.5.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.5.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.5.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.5.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.5.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.6.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.6.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.6.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.6.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.6.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.6.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.7.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.7.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.7.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.7.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.7.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.7.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.8.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.8.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.8.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.8.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.8.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.8.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.8.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.9.self_attn.q_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.9.self_attn.k_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.9.self_attn.v_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.9.self_attn.o_proj.weight                  Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.9.mlp.gate_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.9.mlp.up_proj.weight                       Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.9.mlp.down_proj.weight                     Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.9.input_layernorm.weight                   Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.9.post_attention_layernorm.weight          Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.10.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.10.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.10.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.10.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.10.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.10.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.10.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.10.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.10.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.11.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.11.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.11.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.11.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.11.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.11.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.11.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.11.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.11.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.12.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.12.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.12.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.12.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.12.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.12.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.12.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.12.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.12.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.13.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.13.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.13.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.13.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.13.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.13.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.13.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.13.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.13.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.14.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.14.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.14.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.14.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.14.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.14.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.14.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.14.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.14.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.15.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.15.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.15.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.15.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.15.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.15.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.15.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.15.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.15.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.16.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.16.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.16.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.16.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.16.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.16.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.16.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.16.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.16.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.17.self_attn.q_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.17.self_attn.k_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.17.self_attn.v_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.17.self_attn.o_proj.weight                 Frozen  :  False
language_model.model.layers.17.mlp.gate_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.17.mlp.up_proj.weight                      Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.17.mlp.down_proj.weight                    Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.17.input_layernorm.weight                  Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.layers.17.post_attention_layernorm.weight         Frozen  :  True
language_model.model.norm.weight                                       Frozen  :  True
```

# accelerate settings
By passing device_map="auto", we tell Accelerate to determine automatically
where to put each layer of the model depending on the available resources:

* first we use the maximum space available on the GPU(s)
if we still need space, we store the remaining weights on the CPU
if there is not enough RAM,
we store the remaining weights on the hard drive as memory-mapped tensors
> see...... but it maxes out my gpu and does not store on my harddisk at all.....[] 

* dot split any blocks that have residual connections
no_split_module_classes=["GPTJBlock"] indicates that the modules that are
GPTJBlock should not be split on different devices. You should set here all
blocks that include a residual connection of some kind.

* use device map to see where they are :
```python
model.hf_device_map
```

```python
{'vision_tower': 0, 'multi_modal_projector': 0,
'language_model.model.embed_tokens': 0, 'language_model.lm_head': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.0': 0, 'langu age_model.model.layers.1': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.2': 0, 'language_model.model.layers.3': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.4': 0, 'language_model.model .layers.5': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.6': 0, 'language_model.model.layers.7': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.8': 0, 'language_model.model.layers.9': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.10': 0, 'language_model.model.layers.11': 0,
'language_model.model.layers.12': 0, 'language_model.model.layers.13': 'cpu',
'language_model.model.layers.14': 'cpu', 'language_model.model.layers.15':
'cpu', 'language_model.model.layers.16': 'cpu',
'language_model.model.layers.17': 'cpu', 'language_model.model.norm': 'cpu'}
```


[liar??]
Behind the scenes, 🤗 Accelerate added hooks to the model, so that:

    at each layer, the inputs are put on the right device (so even if your model is spread across several GPUs, it works)
    for the weights offloaded on the CPU, they are put on a GPU just before the forward pass, and cleaned up just after
    for the weights offloaded on the hard drive, they are loaded in RAM then put on a GPU just before the forward pass, and cleaned up just after

This way, you model can run for inference even if it doesn’t fit on one of the GPUs or the CPU RAM!

